_pubs/680238_the_jolly_sportsman/680238_the_jolly_sportsman.md, before:

---

layout: htmlbasepubmain2
pub_data: master

outlet_id: 680238
permalink: /pubs/the-jolly-sportsman-chesham/
pub_assets_url: /pubs/680238_the_jolly_sportsman/assets/

title: Welcome to the Jolly Sportsman

pub_name: the Jolly Sportsman
pub_nav: TheJollySportsman

pub_map: xxxxx.js
pub_map_json: xxxxx.json
wall_id:

pub_addressStreet: 2 Eskdale Ave
pub_addressLocality: Chesham
pub_addressRegion: UK
pub_addressPostcode: HP5 3AX

pub_email: info@jollysportsmanchesham.co.uk
pub_phone: 0149 477 4904

googlemap-link: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Jolly+Sportsman/@51.7112817,-0.6083623,17z/data=!4m12!1m6!3m5!1s0x0:0x4e59561475286e91!2sJolly+Sportsman!8m2!3d51.7112817!4d-0.6083623!3m4!1s0x0:0x4e59561475286e91!8m2!3d51.7112817!4d-0.6083623?hl=en-GB

pubimg_location: placeholder3-sm.jpg

pubhomepage_image1: 
pubhomepage_image1_alt_text:
 
pubhomepage_image2: 
pubhomepage_image2_alt_text: 

heromain: Welcome
herosub: to the Jolly Sportsman
hero_img: placeholder3.jpg

---


<p><strong>Welcome To the Jolly Sportsman</strong></p>
<p>We pride ourselves on delivering the best hospitality in a friendly environment. Our staff are looking forward to serving you with our new fantastic range of drinks, great offers and events.</p>

Commit message:

updated pubs for second go-live

_pubs/680238_the_jolly_sportsman/680238_the_jolly_sportsman.md, after:

---

layout: htmlbasepubmain2
pub_data: master

outlet_id: 680238
permalink: /pubs/the-jolly-sportsman-chesham/
pub_assets_url: /pubs/680238_the_jolly_sportsman/assets/

title: Welcome to the Jolly Sportsman

pub_name: the Jolly Sportsman
pub_nav: TheJollySportsman

pub_map: jollysportsman.js
pub_map_json: jollysportsman.json
wall_id:

pub_addressStreet: 2 Eskdale Ave
pub_addressLocality: Chesham
pub_addressRegion: UK
pub_addressPostcode: HP5 3AX

pub_email: info@jollysportsmanchesham.co.uk
pub_phone: 0149 477 4904

googlemap-link: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Jolly+Sportsman/@51.7112817,-0.6083623,17z/data=!4m12!1m6!3m5!1s0x0:0x4e59561475286e91!2sJolly+Sportsman!8m2!3d51.7112817!4d-0.6083623!3m4!1s0x0:0x4e59561475286e91!8m2!3d51.7112817!4d-0.6083623?hl=en-GB

pubimg_location: TheJollySportsman-sm.jpg

pubhomepage_image1: TheJollySportsman-handpulls.jpg
pubhomepage_image1_alt_text: Enjoy a great pint of beer at the Jolly Sportsman
 
pubhomepage_image2: TheJollySportsman-bar.jpg
pubhomepage_image2_alt_text: Great cask Ale

heromain: Welcome
herosub: to the Jolly Sportsman
hero_img: TheJollySportsman-front.jpg

---


**At the Jolly Sportsman in Chesham we pride ourselves on delivering the best hospitality in a fantastic pub environment.**

Our friendly staff will make you feel at home and look forward to serving you with our great range of drinks.

If it’s live sport you’re looking for, we’ve got that covered too. Come and enjoy a pint whilst watching the best sport in a welcoming surrounding and experience our great customer service.

*We look forward to seeing you soon!*
