---

outlet_id: 680320
permalink: /pubs/the-queens-head-rothbury/about/

pub_nav: 680320queenshead
pub_name: The Queens Head

title: About The Queens Head
layout: AboutPub

---
	
	
	
**The Queens Head is a fantastic traditional inn that you would be proud to call your local.**

Situated at the heart of the scenic market town of Rothbury, known as the ‘Capital of Coquetdale’, the Queens Head is known for its quality food and vibrant bar. 

It’s a true community pub that’s family-friendly with something for everyone. A place where you’re always welcome. Behind the bar we’ve got everything from real ales to wines, soft drinks to gins and more.

From the kitchen, you can enjoy a delicious seasonal menu with many dishes to choose from. Our Sunday roasts alone are worth popping in for!

The Queens Head at Rothbury also offers seven letting rooms on the first floor, all of which are finished to a good standard. Outside, there’s a pleasant beer garden for you to soak up the rays in the summer.

Being on the edge of the Northumberland National Park and only 30 minutes’ drive from the Heritage Coast, the Queens Head is an ideal base from which to explore the natural beauty of North Northumberland and beyond.

Outdoor pursuits in the surrounding areas include fishing, golfing, shooting, walking, climbing and cycling. The Coquet is also a popular destination for its salmon and trout fishing! 

## History

**The Queens Head dates back to 1972 and was originally known as the Golden Fleece.**

The name of the pub changed to the Queens Head in 1837 to commemorate the accession of Queen Victoria to the throne.

In 1877, the then proprietor, Mrs Temple, bought the old building next door and rebuilt it to extend The Queens Head into a hotel - and the ground floor today still has the original leaded windows!
