---

outlet_id: 680277
permalink: /pubs/the-clousden-hill-killingworth/about/
pub_nav: TheClousdenHill
pub_name: The Clousden Hill

title: About The Clousden Hill
layout: AboutPub

---
	

**The Clousden Hill is a fantastic community pub in Killingworth, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, that you would be proud to call your local.**

Situated on Killingworth Road, the Clousden Hill pub has one of the best entertainment programmes in the area! Monday night is Knit & Natter, Tuesday night is Busker Night with Quiz Night on Thursdays! The at the weekend, expect some of the 
best live music on Friday evenings or join in the fun with our Sunday Social!

From the bar you can enjoy a great range of drinks including real ales, lagers, gins, wines and soft drinks! 

From the kitchen, we’ve introduced a great new menu with even more dishes to choose from including a beef and ale stew inside a Yorkshire pudding!

In the warmer months, why not enjoy a cold refreshing pint or a G&T in our beer garden?

The Clousden Hill is a true community pub that’s family-friendly with something for everyone. 

##The Publicans

The Clousden Hill is run today by myself (Elaine) and my husband Stevie! We both share a huge love for pubs – we’re also in charge of The Bridge, a lovely pub just down the road in Annitsford. Our own love story even began in a Longbenton pub!

I’m originally from Southport but have been living in the North East for the last 32 years, and this is where I met Stevie!

We began pulling pints together in 2010 and have done so ever since! I’ve been involved in the hospitality industry for over 20 years, whilst Stevie was previously a mechanic. 

We have 3 children and 4 wonderful grandchildren, so family is very important to us. And that’s why we’re going to make sure the Clousden Hill is a real community, family-friendly local.

*We look forward to seeing you soon.*

